Experimento de anorexia n√∫mero: 102
100 today
16 why
25 mg
300mg advice
3d pen
45lbs total
50mg of
827 didn
__ thank
about 45lbs
about depression
about me
about motion
about my
about myself
about pic
about suicide
absolutely report
ac adapter
access entirely
achievement from
across gusset
adaptable pragmatism
addams have
addiction thank
admirable good
adopt another
adopt for
adopt there
adrafinil and
adrafinil have
adrafinil is
advice aw
advice felt
advice maybe
advice though
affecting my
after marker
after sun
afterwards bob
afterwards gun
afterwards know
against catholicism
age other
agno sticks
ago miss
ahead well
air bender
aired spoilers
almost painful
alone and
alone realize
also feeling
always avoids
am close
am feeling
am taking
am verbally
am waking
am walked
amazing female
amela anderson
american savannah
amputation think
amumu project
amumu when
an amulet
an illness
an omnia
an ssri
and anxiety
and anxious
and approachable
and boyfriend
and depressed
and depression
and feel
and feeling
and joss
and knitting
and lurch
and quetiapine
and remembrance
and suicidal
and therapist
and therapy
anesthetic and
anhedonia until
ann coutler
annoyed of
anon_agon didn
anon_agon if
another girl
another useless
antagonism in
anti depressants
antidepressants and
antidepressants so
anxiety and
anxiety bit
anxiety but
anxiety disorder
anxiety kicks
anxiety less
anxiety was
anxiety yeah
anxious about
anxious and
anxious no
anxious ve
any advice
anybody please
anymore hope
anymore other
anymore thanks
anything cuz
anything hey
anything ren
anything salvageable
appearance wise
appointment with
approachable thank
are hereditary
army makes
around me
around park
arry potter
arthritis to
arts discipline
arts instructor
as clich
as gelaskin
as hadn
as hunka
as melodramatic
as sniper
asexuals are
ash brown
asian girls
ass treasure
ass yeah
associate too
atlas actually
attack honestly
attacks too
attempted suicide
attention today
attracted to
avoid yes
aw thank
aw that
awful from
babbled two
baby everyone
baby whom
background lol
bad anxiety
bad breakdown
bad days
bad depression
ballet dancing
barker here
bartering ever
basale ganglia
bat pole
bathroom means
bathroom sorry
battery tunnel
be care
be depressed
be hereditary
be livestreaming
beasts it
because feel
because felt
because have
because leaving
because probably
because ve
because was
becky gets
become monk
been dealing
been depressed
been diagnosed
been feeling
been together
begone so
being depressed
being happy
being lurker
being miserable
being positive
bench squat
bender just
beside english
best finds
best too
bestfriend boyfriend
bestfriend who
beta blockers
better knowing
better soon
bettering your
bias attack
big emotions
bills despite
binary people
birthday prompt
bit general
bit getting
bit trained
blessed silence
bobs not
body haha
bondage game
borderline personality
boss music
bought drawing
box plank
boyfriend and
boyfriend but
boyfriend got
boyfriend has
boyfriend he
boyfriend is
boyfriend kissed
boyfriend tells
boyfriend used
boyfriend who
boys lots
bpd and
bpd is
breakdown right
breakup but
brother talks
bull dyke
bullied throughout
bundy this
bupropion wellbutrin
burden to
but feel
but myself
but origami
butter lipstick
butthole def
cakeday sorry
call easily
called basale
called physiological
calmly good
camera whore
capitol punishment
cared hope
carlin think
casually trying
catch can
change keep
chat asked
cheated on
cheated then
chemical imbalance
chemist turns
cherokee german
child better
child looks
choices recently
chores today
chosen thank
chronic depression
cims use
circles ll
circumcised can
citizens oh
city jerry
clan chat
clarifying which
clashed if
class abilities
clever if
clich as
cliche party
client close
clinical depression
clinically depressed
close friends
clue scroll
coal hey
cockatrice seems
coincidental price
coincidentally if
combo seems
comforting to
comma this
comment aw
comments sometimes
common guys
communicating thoughts
communicating why
communication plus
communication studies
compare myself
completely inspiring
complications during
compliment awesome
compliment good
concepts really
concern damn
concrete solution
confiding in
confused cervical
confused happy
conscious around
considered religious
considering paid
constantly interested
contact martial
contour pro
cools things
cope with
coping alright
coping had
coping well
core reason
correct misinformation
corsair 750d
cosmopolitan wish
costume ruthless
coughing lot
councilor they
count back
countless relationships
country gulen
course labour
cousin cousin
cousin goes
coutler hope
coverup the
crazy heard
creepy wish
cries because
cross again
cross symbol
crying phases
current boyfriend
currently struggling
curve isn
customer respect
customers feel
cycling must
cycling running
dad again
dancing yoga
dani xx
daniels shirt
dark place
dark quickly
dated for
dave took
davey dave
day wages
deal tunnels
def legit
definitely crazy
definitely look
definitely taken
degeneration causes
deleted her
delusion am
denial ve
dependency that
depressants and
depressed and
depressed as
depressed but
depressed it
depressed just
depressed or
depressed state
depressed this
depression about
depression again
depression all
depression also
depression am
depression and
depression anxiety
depression are
depression as
depression at
depression because
depression before
depression besides
depression but
depression can
depression feel
depression for
depression gets
depression got
depression has
depression have
depression is
depression isn
depression issues
depression it
depression its
depression lot
depression makes
depression might
depression my
depression nice
depression or
depression so
depression thanks
depression that
depression the
depression think
depression to
depression was
depression which
depression will
depression would
depression your
depressive episode
depressive episodes
depressive than
despite starving
determination your
deuce then
developed really
devoted trying
diablo fan
diagnosed is
diagnosed until
diagnosed with
diagnosis can
diagnosis feel
did chores
didn compile
died wouldn
different medications
different receptor
digitally painted
digitally same
directions did
discount taxidermy
discouraging when
disembowelled almost
disorder and
disorder which
distance relationship
distract me
ditsy that
divorced when
dna good
do breathing
do try
doctor about
doctor if
doing art
doing cbt
don enjoy
don feel
done financed
done gymnastics
dont carry
dont don
doodling haha
dratini likeness
drawing software
drawn always
dropping nasty
dumb from
dumped me
dumps me
during social
during titan
dyed my
dyke one
earlier assuming
early guess
easily recognized
easy today
eating disorder
edit fun
eerie fuck
eggshells around
either man
elsewhere who
email steam
embarrassment otherwise
emergency sirens
emotion then
emotionally towards
empathize so
encoded suite
energy to
enjoythe process
enough payment
enough welcome
entirely coincidentally
environmental so
esteem and
esteem going
esteem problem
everyone recites
everything have
ex that
exactly couple
example propranolol
except little
exercise haven
exercise though
exercises which
exercising almost
experience pregnancy
experienced city
experienced depression
explain try
explained them
extremely embarrassing
extremely stubborn
fact guessing
faith these
fake adrafinil
false me
falsely flagging
family loves
family super
fapping keep
far 827
fat green
feel alone
feel better
feel even
feel feel
feel guilty
feel like
feel numb
feel so
feel suicidal
feel very
feel worse
feeling alone
feeling better
feeling but
feeling can
feeling depressed
feeling like
feeling nothing
feelings ve
felt depressive
felt from
female and
few oils
fh and
fight loser
finally resting
financed them
finds ever
finish scrolling
fireworks few
first diagnosed
first love
flatterred and
floaty feeling
fo record
for capitol
for depression
for janky
for me
for penpals
forehead listen
foreman op
former psychiatrist
fort gary
found coke
fox lies
free anxiety
free weapon
freshman year
friend finally
friends its
friendship had
from depression
from experience
from porky
from staten
frustrating get
fuck ann
fuck yeh
furnishings company
future dust
future pictures
future rust
gain all
gained wouldn
games op
ganglia some
ganglia their
gary my
gastric sleeve
gelaskin on
get angry
get better
get depressed
get help
get momentary
get myself
gets disqualified
getting help
ghandi from
girl sunbathing
girlish tittering
glad look
global wish
goal now
god questions
going 85mph
going through
good days
good relationship
gorgeous adventure
got help
got meds
government dealing
grandeur is
grandpas both
grandpas house
greater thanks
greetings friend
group therapy
guess lasting
guess part
guilty for
gusset kfb
gusset sts
guts just
gymnastics ballet
had depression
had martial
had responses
had suicidal
haha hadn
haha sport
haha thank
hand looking
hand print
hands thoroughly
happened every
happy coupon
happy fapping
happy is
happy years
harm scars
harmful behaviour
harming and
has helped
has mood
hate my
hate myself
have anxiety
have auditory
have bpd
have chemical
have counselling
have depression
have hope
have mood
have panic
have psychotic
have self
haven herd
haven though
having panic
having settled
he champ
he share
healthy person
hear better
heard fireworks
heard real
heart map
heart skip
heat packs
heavy spy
help and
help stick
helped me
helping kids
helps anxiety
helps maybe
helps me
her aww
her buzz
her choosing
her explain
her mum
her nicely
here clue
here positivity
here reminding
here veronica
hereditary its
hereditary might
hers is
hideous don
highly allergic
him confiding
his grandpa
his grandpas
hit store
hobbies because
hockey giant
honestly great
hope cried
hope know
hopeless was
horrible caption
hours afterwards
how beginning
however luckily
hpv negative
hug this
huge detriment
huge insecurity
hugs just
hugs to
hunka burning
hunka hunka
hurl our
hurt myself
hurtful comment
hurtful things
hurting myself
hydrophilic ones
id juliusc
idea dna
idea pm
ideas onto
idol it
if weened
ign anon_agon
illness suppose
image hand
image issues
implies indirect
improve myself
in pharmacodynamics
in relationship
in therapy
incompetent staff
increasing my
indirect effect
individual therapy
ingame name
insanely ditsy
insanely rude
insecurity for
inspiration just
inspiring all
instad instad
intentional murder
internet hugs
into makeup
into therapy
investment dropping
irredeemable nerd
is hpv
is medication
is mesencephalon
island looks
island uncooked
isolating myself
isolation more
issues somehow
it cockatrice
it helped
it majestic
it mercilessly
item normally
items might
items pastebin
its manpower
jabberwocky am
jerry discount
job asked
join ign
journey cliche
journey thank
joy am
judgemental have
juliusc 01
just feel
k2tog k2tog
k2tog last
keeping taylor
kept anything
kfb last
kfb next
kid futurama
kids construct
kill myself
killing myself
kilograms lighter
kind message
kind oh
kind words
kinda doodling
kissed another
knit across
knit in
know yourself
labour not
language must
languages beside
last air
last stitch
last stitches
lasting long
lately happens
laundry mat
learned just
leave such
leaving nice
lethargic but
letter shot
lies fox
life karma
life weird
lifetime reckon
lift piston
like arry
like burden
like can
like coverup
like don
like encoded
like failure
like rheumatoid
like sliggoo
like wasn
likely hereditary
likeness overload
likes pretty
lipophilic and
lipstick in
liquid foundation
list myself
listen here
little floaty
live with
livestreaming at
ll feel
local anesthetic
lol rito
lonely and
lonely monocyte
lonely no
look friendly
lot she
love myself
love tell
love years
lovely warmed
loves heat
loving fuck
lurch had
lying camera
magical cure
maintain aggro
major awful
major chronic
major depression
major depressive
make friends
makes bunch
makes me
makeup addiction
malicious presence
manpower as
mansion am
marker slip
marks weight
marriage troubles
massively better
matata monologue
match twitch
material cosmopolitan
material glad
mathematical to
me and
me because
me but
me feel
me happy
me lot
me overweight
me sends
me thank
me throughout
me tooooo
me upset
me zoloft
mean demerits
means hers
means lot
means so
medicated still
medication and
medication but
medication ve
medicine hakuna
meds and
meds at
meds but
meds for
meds hell
meds know
meds on
meds that
meds try
meet new
meeting people
membrane stabilizing
memes either
mental health
mental illness
mental illnesses
mentally healthy
mention raising
mercilessly will
mesencephalon which
message means
message thank
methods want
midget its
might prepare
minded absolutely
mine sent
miserable and
misjudge me
mog station
momentary burst
monk if
monocyte is
mood disorder
mood swings
mood want
mood wow
more lipophilic
more multicolor
mothership will
motion vision
motivate me
moustache total
much cried
much dealing
much renovations
much thank
mum has
murder though
must stank
my abusive
my anxiety
my appearance
my assistantship
my bestfriend
my body
my boyfriend
my boyfriends
my bpd
my classes
my councilor
my depression
my depressive
my diagnosis
my doctor
my emotions
my family
my feelings
my flatmates
my hair
my inability
my ingame
my issues
my libido
my life
my medication
my meds
my mental
my mom
my mood
my mother
my mum
my own
my parents
my partner
my peen
my period
my personality
my pinkie
my powered
my problems
my psychiatrist
my relationship
my scars
my self
my situation
my so
my social
my suicidal
my suicide
my surgery
my symptoms
my therapist
my weight
myself and
myself because
myself busy
myself for
myself so
myself stemmed
myself that
myself to
myself ve
myself with
myself without
name uncommon
nasty deuce
nasty owners
naww thanks
nearby with
need opinions
need someone
need subtitles
neigh and
nerd am
never awesome
newborn is
next stitch
nicely that
non stupid
nonetheless absolutely
normal live
nostalgic trailer
not alone
not depressed
not feel
not loving
not okay
not suicidal
nothing matters
nothing used
nothingness just
now begone
nuclei about
nuestra cultura
nyx highlight
obviously cutting
occassional bull
ocean take
of adrafinil
of bed
of cns
of cools
of depression
of hugs
of modafinil
of myself
off meds
oh hug
oils will
oily skin
omg same
omnia user
on antidepressants
on depression
on medication
on meds
on pastebin
on prozac
on seduction
on sertraline
on wellbutrin
once earlier
ones sad
op boil
op likes
or anxiety
or chad
or cheated
or depression
or disembowelled
or effects
or happy
or relying
other mental
other people
others telling
our friendship
our girl
our relationship
outlook lot
overwhelming hope
packs casually
paid sex
pain stretch
painful not
paint digitally
panic attack
panic attacks
paragraph got
paragraph though
paranoia basically
paraphased from
parkinson also
party skin
party sure
passion glad
passion meant
past abuse
past murderers
pastebin good
pastebin op
pastebin runescape
payment hope
peaceful old
pencil yeah
people midget
people misjudge
people outweigh
perception tend
person knowing
person smiles
personal appearance
personal relationships
personality disorder
pets only
petty lot
pharmacodynamics if
pharmacy tech
phone our
physical pain
physically attracted
physiological antagonism
pic quality
pictures take
pilates times
pills sound
pinkie off
pinkie promise
pirates subreddit
place becky
plank terrible
please jabberwocky
plus working
pm me
pole without
porky butthole
positive is
positivity crying
positivty that
powered cube
pragmatism think
pre screening
prescribed me
pretty subjective
price instead
print appeared
pro palette
probable typo
probably optimistic
problem fantastic
problems leaning
project happy
properties yes
propranolol is
psn bigheartedboy
psych that
psych therapy
psychiatrist and
psychiatrist got
psychotic depression
punishment why
pup sponge
puppy first
push myself
quetiapine thank
quickly making
quietly out
quote wasn
raising newborn
rapid cycling
rather adopt
re coping
re feeling
really associate
really enjoythe
really hard
really helped
really nervous
really supportive
reason fo
recent purchases
recently gone
receptor if
receptor not
recites the
reckon have
recognized photoshop
refused treatment
regular boss
relationship again
relationship and
relationship for
relationship he
relationship so
relationship with
relaxing love
release ideas
reluctantly accepting
renovations there
reopening it
repeat 10
repeat 12
repeat seems
reply my
resisted medication
respect issues
respect trust
response hope
response really
responses thank
restaurant live
resting she
revelation all
rewatching twd
right afterwards
right kind
right reluctantly
riveting material
rotisserie draft
rough however
ruined countless
ruined sure
rules might
runescape friend
running never
rut and
ruthless adaptable
sad knowing
sad lot
sadness and
said minus
saint literally
salvageable but
same receptor
same unless
sandy this
savannah beasts
say aw
say foreman
saying neigh
scare because
scars are
school boyfriend
scotch cigar
screening feel
scroll wear
sealed commander
seduction and
see cross
see psychiatrist
see therapist
seeing therapist
seems bizarre
self any
self care
self confidence
self esteem
self harm
self harmed
self harming
self worth
sends pretty
sends when
separating for
series doll
seriously unfit
sertraline and
server thanks
setting spray
settled anything
severe anxiety
severe depression
severe social
severely depressed
sex or
sex personally
sexual surrogate
shadow self
shady there
she start
she strong
shield oath
shinsekai yori
shot go
should suck
shoulder after
shower or
shutup davey
side accounts
side effects
signal session
silence now
simplest shit
since was
single till
situation hurt
skin wow
slander if
sleep all
sliggoo common
slip k2tog
slip kfb
slipped quietly
small district
smile knowing
snap out
sniper medic
snuff em
so alone
so anymore
so insanely
so sorry
so spare
so unhappy
sober since
social anxiety
social interaction
social person
soft furnishings
solution unfortunately
solution use
some me
some willing
someone about
something annoys
something underhanded
sometime first
sometimes can
sometimes hardly
sometimes heavy
sometimes makes
sound harmful
sounding from
sounds terrific
spam amumu
speed think
spoilers invited
sponge bobs
spy steam
squealer yakomaru
ssri and
stabilizing properties
staff nonetheless
staggering this
standpoint happened
stank please
started hurting
started little
started treatment
starting big
starving myself
stay matte
steam sends
sti appreciate
sti it
stick would
still unlikely
stimpy scared
stitch in
stitch knit
stop crying
stop living
stopped taking
store transactions
straight afterwards
strange sniper
streaming another
struggling with
studies indicates
stuff em
style whale
subjective depends
subreddit feels
such kind
such option
suddenly few
suddenly flashing
suicidal so
suicidal thoughts
suicidal urges
suicide attempt
suicide hotline
suite too
sun tan
sunbathing in
super judgemental
support group
supporters worshiping
sure paraphased
surgery had
surrendered if
surrogate is
swap classes
sweet thank
sweet that
swelling and
swings however
symbol do
takes would
taking medication
talk to
talking otherwise
tan can
tank totally
tanner this
taxidermy you
tears cuz
teasing growing
term boyfriend
term relationships
terrific want
terrifying where
text him
than hydrophilic
thank you
thanks flatterred
thanks relate
thanks wishing
that am
that depression
that feeling
that ganglia
that mansion
the 300mg
the amumu
the anxiety
the bisexuality
the coincidental
the depression
the gusset
the irredeemable
the marantz
the medication
the meds
the mindcrackers
the mog
the occassional
the parkinson
the positivity
the positivty
the psych
the supportive
the therapist
the unmarked
their degeneration
their depression
then boyfriend
therapist and
therapist but
therapist for
therapist it
therapist my
therapist never
therapy again
therapy and
therapy but
therapy figured
therapy for
therapy it
therapy to
therapy without
there amazing
there lesson
these feelings
these thoughts
things enjoy
things enjoyable
think lonely
this depression
this negligence
thoroughly straight
those negative
though illegal
through therapy
throughout conversation
thug lyfe
til snipes
time stressing
time talked
tiring though
title hey
tittering with
to amphetamines
to cope
to deleting
to depression
to feel
to happened
to myself
to orgasm
to psychiatrist
to sex
to someone
to talk
to therapy
today lots
today omg
today thank
today used
together for
told have
told me
told my
tooooo awful
total purchase
tough socially
tourney win
trainee license
transactions it
transpeople are
treasure she
treated rather
treating me
treatment don
treatment never
treatment relatively
trees oh
trips with
true reason
truly communicate
trust standpoint
truth people
try agno
try developing
try didn
try reopening
tunnel are
tunnel post
tunnels oh
turning 26
tv anon_agon
ugly stick
un aired
uncommon enough
uncooked bacon
underhanded here
understand trust
understanding concepts
unfit even
unfortunately passed
unfortunately sexual
uniquely depressed
university you
unless look
unmarked road
until french
unwind can
urban camp
urges are
used actually
useless human
user felt
users quick
usually delusion
usually warm
valuable anyway
various nuclei
vdr is
ve been
vehicles running
veronica am
very hopeless
very lethargic
very mean
vet said
vibe saw
vintage rotisserie
violent physically
virus so
vision etc
wanna clean
wars greetings
was cherokee
was diagnosed
was surrendered
wasting phone
watching mindcrack
we clashed
we dated
we kissed
we stuff
weapon item
wear items
wear pip
wednesday addams
weened off
weight few
weight my
well coughing
well riveting
wen and
were sounding
were together
whale whale
what depression
what enjoy
what struggling
what vdr
when anxious
when communication
when depressed
when feel
when masturbating
whenever feel
where feel
where need
which level
while anything
white dratini
who quits
who suffers
whore didn
why bartering
why feel
why shit
why tunnel
will roast
willingly exercise
willis and
wish you
with again
with anxiety
with borderline
with bpd
with clinical
with counselor
with depression
with dysthymia
with ghandi
with me
with meds
with my
with myself
with nami
with perception
with psychologist
with severe
with someone
with therapist
with therapy
within myself
word abuse
word anhedonia
words stick
words thank
worse know
worship like
worst wasting
wouldn willingly
wouldve died
wow thank
wrist pain
write sounds
xx hi
xx the
yarn in
yes lost
yess and
yoga cycling
you feel
you luck
you snuff
you so
you thank
younger felt
your advice
your boyfriend
your depression
your doctor
your girlish
your happiness
your keeping
your kind
your situation
your therapist
zoloft and
