Experimento de anorexia n√∫mero: 531
110 lbs
128 lbs
140 huge
19 gender
2015 regret
21 f4r
500 calories
abroad people
accent colouring
actors dying
actors play
actually diagnosed
ago cancelled
ago lingering
ama feel
anger day
angry loud
anime endings
anorexia nervosa
anxiety faced
anxiety gone
anxiety major
anymore thank
apart sudden
asking motivated
atheists believe
auditory hallucinations
autism depression
autism different
autistic community
autistic people
backpackers hostel
bad earache
bam just
banana 105
bare eyes
beauty convinced
bed wanted
began drug
better pain
binge year
binging purging
bit coke
bitch fork
bits advice
blackwidow 2015
blip screen
bmi 15
bmi 18
bmi 20
borrowing razer
bought partner
boy episodes
boyfriend hurty
boyfriend just
brain stop
brain sure
break fast
breakfast skipped
brighter xxxx
brown sugar
bullshit autism
caffeine cigarettes
calm starts
calories burning
calories day
calories dinner
cancelled dinner
ceiling used
cf anymore
cf community
cf control
cf let
charliehorse ing
cheesecake want
chick counter
chilling whisky
choice word
christmas eve
chubby 140
cigarettes occasional
coke mdma
cold despite
cold windy
college huge
colouring really
comedy visuals
common cystic
community gave
companies suicidal
completely unable
compliant treatments
control cf
convinced need
convinced staring
cough feel
counter tims
course dozens
creep thank
cried felt
cross ts
currently abroad
cystic fibrosis
dads word
dancer long
dark shadows
day dozens
day easier
day rough
days know
days wear
deal sorry
death hey
decent mince
decided hate
definitely small
despite feelings
developed anorexia
developmental disorder
diagnosed eating
did gorgeous
did yesterday
diet soda
difficult late
digestives ecumenical
dinner plans
dinner skipped
dinner taken
disappointed anime
discernable passions
discovered im
disorder cured
doesnt cut
dole weirdest
dont sweat
door greeted
dozens hundreds
dreaded cold
dropped jaw
drug use
dying movie
ear goldador
ear im
earache lasts
easier deal
eating disorder
eating disorders
ec stack
ecumenical matter
edit edit
effects 12
effects brain
encouragement hardly
encouragement partner
end sign
endings like
ends refuse
enjoying got
enzymes case
especially monday
eve panic
everyday especially
everyday range
ex sure
exactly experience
example natural
excuse consume
expect actually
expect cough
experience present
explodes hit
extra 15
eyeliner like
f4r belfast
face minutes
faced hurdle
fair tell
family pub
family responsibility
fare glasgow
fast day
fasting days
feel amazing
feel share
feel strong
feeling ashamed
feelings rough
feels instantly
ferry cairnryan
fibrosis happened
fighting people
figure special
figured movie
finally excuse
finally place
flock guests
food store
food weight
fork eye
fork till
fox im
freeing actually
frenzy dole
frequently perimeters
friend dinner
friends city
fuck chick
fuck friends
fucked years
function improving
furyball explodes
future hope
gain gain
gain weight
gained weight
gaining weight
gender expression
gently plus
getting brilliant
gift needed
girl fare
gives singular
glasgow able
gloating time
goals achievable
goals started
goldador just
golden personality
gone packets
gone wack
good charliehorse
got smartest
got yesterday
grabbing water
great boy
green tea
greeted shelves
guests day
habit used
hair cried
hair want
half ago
hallucinate exactly
hallucinations began
hallucinations mentioned
happens push
happy 10
happy doesnt
happy okay
hardly recognise
hate cf
having autism
health food
health relationship
healthy weight
hear tutting
heck scrapbooking
height cw
helps minutes
hey dont
hey thought
high functioning
highschool thankfully
hiking baking
hit thighs
hockey trying
home judging
homosexual choice
hope brighter
hope today
horrible expect
hostel belfast
hostel wait
hour fast
hour ive
hour know
hour makes
hours awesome
hours im
huge flock
huge means
hundreds blip
hurdle week
hurt eventually
hurt times
hurty windy
ideal looks
ill cope
im awake
im dancer
im ferry
im mess
im recovering
im short
im small
im tired
improving weight
inbetween matches
instantly better
interested goes
irish girl
irresponsible person
irritable pretty
issue boyfriend
iv feel
ive discovered
jaw perfect
judging spare
just caffeine
just chilling
just choice
keeps yelling
killer 21
know autistic
know early
lab golden
lady luna
lashes peachy
lasts hour
laugh bought
laugh needed
lazy irresponsible
lbs bmi
lbs gw
lbs hw
lbs lw
lbs ugw
leaps threw
let cf
let keeps
life im
like actors
like bare
like gloating
like lab
like nebulas
like rendering
like stranted
lingering effects
lip think
literally dropped
literally thousands
little anymore
little figured
little lady
little rage
living broken
lone norn
long lashes
looked muttered
looked pretty
looking door
looking possible
lose weight
losing weight
loud fighting
loud interested
love borrowing
love definitely
love natural
love update
lovely cf
low functioning
luna little
lunch skipped
lung function
major completely
major social
makeup face
makeup incredible
managing treatments
matches overheard
matter work
mdma speed
meal plan
means definitely
meet friendly
mentioned triggered
mess love
messages encouragement
mince pie
mince pies
minutes bam
minutes calm
monday usually
month anniversary
month remember
months looks
motivated treatments
motivation perseverance
movie companies
muffins seasonal
multiple activities
muttered shame
nausea gone
nearly weeks
nebulas fair
need ear
need lung
needed semi
needed share
neuro developmental
new piping
night roommate
noise voices
non binary
noooo brain
norn irish
notice extra
nutrition calories
obese people
occasional drink
offer ends
offering really
okay love
old female
orange ideal
order fast
outside extended
overheard coach
packets chocolate
pain helps
painting heck
panic shop
particularly bad
partner blackwidow
pass frequently
passionate worth
passions goals
past realise
peachy pink
peanut butter
people eating
people month
people plastic
people responsibilities
people shouting
percent compliant
perimeters phantom
perseverance ive
personality fun
phantom smells
phrase makeup
pie muffins
pie seen
pie wensleydale
pies end
pink lip
piping getting
places mince
places wear
plans week
plate sorry
plus auditory
plus hours
pm anytime
pm goes
possible iv
possibly time
post recipie
present drug
pretty chubby
problems hey
protein carbs
ptsd long
pub child
pull hair
push past
pushed looking
rage furyball
rambler company
rambling felt
range unsalted
rarely understand
razer orange
reading xx
realisation did
realise choice
realised lie
realization gives
really irritable
really notice
really staring
reason meet
recipie happy
recognise person
recovering anorexia
reddit looked
reddit rise
refuse chocolate
regret did
regular weed
relationship fell
relax noooo
remember face
remember feeling
remember fix
rendering tastebuds
responsibilities job
responsibility health
rise ill
rough hope
rough pushed
ruining life
sadly know
saw yesterday
say makeup
scrapbooking takes
screen life
seasonal offering
seconds spent
seen stork
semi chem
sends supermarkets
sensations touched
serve literally
shadows pass
share posted
share today
share wanted
shelves fighting
shimmery wavy
shop hear
shops area
shot im
shouting bastards
shower brush
sign worse
singular fuck
skipped dinner
skipped lunch
skipped total
sleeping comedown
sleeping pull
small goals
small killer
small park
smartest writing
smell death
smells sensations
social anxiety
social cues
sorry rambling
sorry troubles
space half
special effects
speed binge
speed drug
spent walking
staring went
started recovering
started therapy
starting creep
starts know
stick everyday
stick fork
stop screaming
stork butter
stranted rambler
stroked gently
successful christmas
sudden realisation
sugar free
suicidal people
sunday realised
sunday sleeping
sunglasses convinced
supermarkets frenzy
sure currently
sure hallucinations
sure smell
suspect coffee
sweat im
table decided
taken enzymes
takes motivation
taking care
taste combinations
tastebuds fucking
tea dads
team having
team yes
tell contacts
tell walls
thank brain
thank managing
thank messages
thankfully healthy
thanks whirl
therapy social
thighs feels
thing difficult
things ceiling
think accent
threw multiple
till little
time 22
time cold
time discernable
time realise
time serve
times horrible
times space
tims going
today mum
today sad
today treating
took leaps
total calories
total particularly
touched stroked
trans women
treating better
treatment just
treatments days
treatments lovely
treatments nearly
treatments started
treatments wanted
triggered white
troubles remember
try mince
trying team
trying thank
ts right
turned 14
turned months
tutting know
twice sunday
unable order
understand voices
update future
use believe
used bit
used disappointed
used major
useless family
usually angry
usually rarely
visuals vomit
voices just
voices usually
wack problems
wait wake
waiting morning
wake work
walking body
walls shimmery
want monday
want relax
want treatments
wanted shower
wanted treatments
water weight
wavy dark
way common
ways cope
wear sunglasses
weed habit
week asking
week dreaded
weeks laugh
weeks possibly
weight gain
weight getting
weight just
weight loss
weight nowadays
weight starting
weirdest taste
weirdness pm
wensleydale year
went couple
whirl sounds
whisky cheesecake
white eyeliner
windy ear
windy really
wl lbs
word mince
words encouragement
work backpackers
work public
working backpackers
world beholds
worry im
worse things
writing actors
xx thank
xxxx outside
yea cutie
yeah stupid
year sends
year successful
years sudden
years total
yelling stick
yesterday anger
yesterday love
yesterday wanted
