Experimento de anorexia n√∫mero: 556
110 lbs
128 lbs
14 weeks
140 huge
1435 4340
147 lunch
155 snacks
18 away
19 gender
2015 regret
21 f4r
21 im
315 calories
4340 5493
500 calories
able gift
abroad people
accent colouring
accessory licenses
achievable sadly
activities hiking
actors dying
actors play
actually capable
actually diagnosed
adhd diagnosed
advert times
advice words
ago cancelled
ago lingering
ago okay
ahh like
alot plate
ama feel
anger day
angry loud
anime endings
anniversary 18
anorexia highschool
anorexia just
anorexia like
anorexia nervosa
anorexia ptsd
anxiety faced
anxiety gone
anxiety major
anymore thank
anymore think
anytime thought
apart sudden
appearance doctors
asda today
ashamed developed
asked help
asking motivated
asleep car
atheists believe
attending community
auditory hallucinations
auntie looking
autism depression
autism different
autism speaks
autistic community
autistic people
available purchase
awake ahh
away college
away drive
away university
backpackers hostel
bad earache
baking painting
bam just
banana 105
bare eyes
bastards lone
beauty convinced
bed sunday
bed wanted
began drug
beholds 21
belfast city
belfast like
belfast want
believe kind
better pain
big consider
binge year
binging purging
bit coke
bit weirdness
bitch fork
bits advice
blackwidow 2015
blip screen
block thank
bmi 15
bmi 16
bmi 18
bmi 20
borrowing razer
bottle inbetween
bought partner
box asda
boy episodes
boyfriend hurty
boyfriend just
brain let
brain stop
brain sure
break fast
breakfast oatmeal
breakfast skipped
brighter xxxx
brilliant finally
britain great
broken britain
brown sugar
build life
bullshit autism
burn time
butter 155
butter advert
butter block
caffeine cigarettes
cairnryan half
cake tbsp
calm starts
calorie count
calories burn
calories burning
calories day
calories dinner
calories lunch
calories protein
calories scale
calories think
calories today
cancelled dinner
capable passionate
car accessory
car related
car summer
car woke
care physical
case saw
ceiling used
celebrated month
celery red
cf anymore
cf community
cf control
cf let
charliehorse ing
cheesecake want
chem auntie
chick counter
child wonder
chilling whisky
chocolate digestives
choice word
christmas eve
chubby 140
chubby high
chunk cookies
church twice
cigarettes occasional
cinnamon 147
city want
coach girls
coach looked
coke mdma
coke mio
cold despite
cold windy
college huge
college living
colouring really
combinations try
come suspect
comedown peace
comedy visuals
common church
common cystic
community gave
companies suicidal
company hours
company im
completely unable
compliant treatments
consider team
consume calories
control cf
control really
conversation coach
convinced need
convinced staring
cookies fox
cope offer
cough feel
counter tims
course dozens
crazy happy
creep thank
cried felt
cross ts
current boyfriend
currently abroad
cut ive
cut lose
cute post
cutie know
cystic fibrosis
dad tea
dad turned
dads word
dancer long
dark shadows
day dozens
day easier
day fast
day reason
day rough
days know
days want
days wear
deal sorry
death hey
decent mince
decided hate
definitely small
definitely trying
depression just
deserve treated
despite feelings
developed anorexia
developmental disorder
diagnosed eating
did gorgeous
did yesterday
diet coke
diet soda
difficult late
digestives ecumenical
dinner plans
dinner rice
dinner skipped
dinner taken
disappointed anime
discernable passions
discovered im
disorder cured
disordered thoughts
distance really
doesnt cut
dole weirdest
dont sweat
door greeted
dozens hundreds
dreaded cold
drink pretty
drink work
drive dc
drive really
dropped jaw
drug use
dying movie
ear goldador
ear im
earache lasts
easier deal
eating disorder
eating disorders
ec stack
ecumenical matter
ed hard
ed voice
edit edit
effects 12
effects brain
egg noodles
encouragement hardly
encouragement partner
end sign
endings like
ends refuse
enjoying got
entire month
enzymes case
especially monday
eve panic
everyday especially
everyday range
ex sure
exactly experience
exactly flowing
example natural
excuse consume
expect actually
expect cough
experience present
explodes hit
extra 15
extremely underweight
eyeliner like
eyes long
eyes look
f4r belfast
face literally
face minutes
faced hurdle
fair tell
fall mouth
family drive
family pub
family responsibility
family sure
fare glasgow
fast day
fast feel
fasting days
fc 1435
feel amazing
feel days
feel high
feel share
feel strong
feeling ashamed
feelings rough
feels instantly
ferry cairnryan
fibrosis happened
fighting people
figure special
figured movie
finally excuse
finally place
fish oil
flock guests
flowing money
food store
food weight
fork eye
fork till
fox im
freeing actually
frenzy dole
frequently perimeters
friend dinner
friends city
friends tell
ft bells
fuck chick
fuck friends
fucked years
function improving
furyball explodes
future hope
gain gain
gain weight
gained weight
gaining weight
gamer anime
gender expression
gently plus
getting brilliant
getting matching
gift needed
gift obviously
girl fare
gives singular
glasgow able
glass bottle
gloating time
goal weight
goals achievable
goals started
goes happy
going days
goldador just
golden personality
gone packets
gone wack
good charliehorse
good comedy
gorgeous love
got smartest
got yesterday
gotten really
grabbing water
great bits
great boy
great team
green tea
greeted shelves
guests day
habit used
hair cried
hair happy
hair want
half ago
half later
hallucinate exactly
hallucinations began
hallucinations mentioned
happened times
happens push
happy 10
happy doesnt
happy okay
hardly recognise
hate cf
having autism
health food
health relationship
healthy weight
hear tutting
heck scrapbooking
height cw
help hi
helps minutes
hey dont
hey thought
high functioning
highschool thankfully
hiit cardio
hiking baking
hit thighs
hockey trying
home judging
homosexual choice
hop long
hope brighter
hope licenses
hope today
horrible expect
hostel belfast
hostel wait
hour fast
hour ive
hour know
hour makes
hours awesome
hours im
huge flock
huge means
huge pc
hundreds blip
hurdle week
hurt eventually
hurt times
hurty windy
ideal looks
ill cope
im actually
im awake
im dancer
im ferry
im mess
im recovering
im short
im situation
im small
im tired
improving weight
inbetween matches
ing work
instantly better
interested goes
irish girl
irresponsible person
irritable pretty
issue boyfriend
iv feel
ive discovered
jaw perfect
job family
judging spare
just caffeine
just chilling
just choice
just obsessed
keeps yelling
killer 21
know autistic
know early
know issue
lab golden
lady luna
lashes peachy
lasts hour
laugh bought
laugh needed
lazy irresponsible
lbs bmi
lbs gw
lbs hw
lbs lw
lbs ugw
leaps threw
left really
let cf
let keeps
licenses car
licenses spend
life im
light peanut
like actors
like bare
like gloating
like lab
like lazy
like nebulas
like rendering
like stranted
like yesterday
liking got
lingering effects
lip think
literally dropped
literally thousands
little anymore
little figured
little lady
little rage
little whisper
living broken
living parents
log log
lone norn
long lashes
long remember
looked muttered
looked pretty
looking door
looking possible
lose weight
losing weight
loud fighting
loud interested
love borrowing
love definitely
love natural
love update
loved idea
lovely cf
loves rap
low functioning
luna little
lunch skipped
lunch tofu
lung function
maintain weight
major completely
major social
make bed
makeup face
makeup incredible
managing treatments
matches overheard
matching necklaces
matter work
maybe car
maybe man
mdma speed
meal plan
meals day
means definitely
meet friendly
meet friends
mentioned getting
mentioned triggered
mess love
messages encouragement
milk 110
mince pie
mince pies
mind bit
minutes bam
minutes calm
mio sport
monday usually
month anniversary
month remember
months looks
morning worry
motivated treatments
motivation perseverance
mouth overflowing
mouth wide
movie companies
moving town
muffins seasonal
multiple activities
muttered shame
nausea gone
nearly weeks
nebulas fair
necklaces know
need ear
need lung
needed semi
needed share
neuro developmental
new piping
night roommate
noise voices
non binary
noooo brain
norn irish
notice extra
nutrition calories
oatmeal brown
obese people
occasional drink
offer ends
offering really
okay love
old boyfriend
old female
open teeth
orange ideal
order fast
outside extended
overflowing step
overheard coach
packets chocolate
pain helps
painting heck
panic shop
parents attending
park far
particularly bad
partner blackwidow
partner ex
pass frequently
passionate worth
passions goals
past realise
pc gamer
peachy pink
peanut butter
people eating
people month
people plastic
people responsibilities
people shouting
pepper 11
percent compliant
perfect apples
perimeters phantom
perseverance ive
person month
personality fun
phantom smells
phone great
phrase makeup
physical appearance
pie muffins
pie seen
pie wensleydale
pies end
pink lip
piping getting
place sells
places mince
places wear
plans week
plate sorry
play great
plus auditory
plus hours
pm anytime
pm goes
possible iv
possibly time
post recipie
post sorry
posted week
present drug
pretty chubby
problems hey
protein carbs
ptsd long
pub child
pull hair
purchase mentioned
push past
pushed looking
quiet funny
rage furyball
rambler company
rambling felt
range unsalted
rapid weight
rarely understand
razer orange
reading xx
realisation did
realise choice
realised lie
realization gives
really irritable
really living
really notice
really staring
reason meet
recipie happy
recognise person
recovering anorexia
red bell
reddit looked
reddit rise
refuse chocolate
regret did
regular weed
relationship fell
relax noooo
remember face
remember feeling
remember fix
rendering tastebuds
responsibilities job
responsibility health
rice cake
right willing
rise ill
roommate sleeping
rough hope
rough pushed
ruining life
sadly know
saw friend
saw yesterday
say makeup
scene laughing
scrapbooking takes
screaming just
screams mouth
screen life
seasonal offering
seconds spent
seen places
seen stork
semi chem
sends supermarkets
sensations touched
serve literally
shadows pass
share posted
share today
share wanted
shelves fighting
shimmery wavy
shop hear
shops area
shot im
shouting bastards
shower brush
sick just
sick stomach
sign worse
singular fuck
skipped dinner
skipped lunch
skipped total
sleeping comedown
sleeping pull
small goals
small killer
small park
smartest writing
smell death
smells sensations
snacks diet
social anxiety
social cues
sorry day
sorry rambling
sorry troubles
soy milk
space half
special effects
speed binge
speed drug
spend loved
spent walking
sport total
staring eyes
staring went
started fall
started recovering
started therapy
starting creep
starts know
stay weekend
stick everyday
stick fork
stick want
stop binging
stop screaming
stop things
stork butter
stranted rambler
stroked gently
strong need
stuck edit
stuffed sheep
stupid little
successful christmas
sucks month
sudden realisation
sugar free
suicidal people
sunday realised
sunday sleeping
sunglasses convinced
super awesome
supermarkets frenzy
sure currently
sure hallucinations
sure smell
surgery look
suspect coffee
sweat im
symbol person
table decided
taken enzymes
takes motivation
taking care
talk pm
taste combinations
tastebuds fucking
tbsp light
tea dads
team having
team yes
teeth started
tell contacts
tell im
tell percent
tell walls
terrifying know
thank advice
thank brain
thank managing
thank messages
thankfully healthy
thanks whirl
therapy social
thighs feels
thing difficult
thing weird
things ceiling
think accent
think happens
thinking taking
threw multiple
till little
time 22
time cold
time discernable
time fabric
time fucked
time meal
time purged
time realise
time serve
times horrible
times space
tims going
tired im
tired tried
today mum
today sad
today treating
took leaps
took table
total calories
total particularly
totally stuck
touched stroked
trans women
treating better
treatment just
treatments days
treatments lovely
treatments nearly
treatments started
treatments wanted
triggered white
troubles remember
try mince
trying team
trying thank
ts right
turned 14
turned months
tutting know
twice sunday
unable order
understand voices
unsalted butter
update future
urges know
url gift
use believe
use marijuana
used bit
used disappointed
used major
useless family
usually angry
usually rarely
visuals vomit
voices just
voices usually
vomit scene
wack problems
wait wake
waiting morning
wake work
walking body
walls shimmery
want control
want eat
want monday
want relax
want saw
want touched
want treatments
wanted shower
wanted tell
wanted treatments
water weight
wavy dark
way common
way half
ways cope
wear sunglasses
weed habit
week asking
week dreaded
weeks laugh
weeks possibly
weight food
weight gain
weight getting
weight just
weight loss
weight nowadays
weight starting
weirdest taste
weirdness pm
wensleydale year
went couple
whirl sounds
whisky cheesecake
whisper screams
white eyeliner
windy ear
windy really
wl lbs
word mince
word phrase
words encouragement
work backpackers
work public
work telling
working backpackers
works chewed
world beholds
worry im
worse things
worth trying
wow bossy
wrap clothes
wrap think
writing actors
xx thank
xxxx outside
ya wow
yea cutie
yeah stupid
yeah vain
year sends
year successful
years sudden
years total
yelling stick
yesterday anger
yesterday love
yesterday took
yesterday wanted
yknow talk
yogi tea
yuck yeah
zero amazing
zero cream
