Experimento de depresión número: 3
100 today
16 why
21 im
300mg advice
3d pen
430am walked
50mg of
827 didnt
about 430am
about me
about motion
about my
about myself
about pic
absolutely report
ac adapter
access entirely
achievement from
across gusset
adaptable pragmatism
addams have
admirable good
admitting you
adopt another
adopt for
adopt there
adrafinil and
adrafinil have
adrafinil is
advice felt
advice maybe
affecting my
after marker
after suntan
afterwards bob
afterwards gun
afterwards know
against catholicism
age other
agno3 sticks
agoi miss
ahead well
air bender
almost painful
also feeling
also sideeffect
am close
am feeling
am taking
am waking
amazing female
amputation think
amumu project
amumu when
an amulet
an illness
an omnia
an ssri
and anxiety
and approachable
and boyfriend
and depressed
and depression
and didchores
and feel
and feeling
and im
and livestreaming
and lurch
and quetiapine
and remembrance
and suicidal
and therapist
and therapy
anesthetic and
anhedonia until
ann coutler
anon_agon didnt
another useless
antagonism in
anti depressants
antidepressants and
antidepressants so
anxiety and
anxiety bit
anxiety but
anxiety disorder
anxiety kicks
anxietyless person
anxious about
anxious and
anxious no
any advice
anybody please
anymore hope
anymore other
anymore thanks
anything cuz
anything hey
anything ren
anything salvageable
appearance wise
appointment with
army makes
around me
arry potter
arthritis to
arts discipline
arts instructor
as clich
as gelaskin
as hunka
as melodramatic
as snipermedic
asexuals are
ash brown
asian girls
associate too
asstreasure shes
assumed youd
atlas actually
attacks too
attempted suicide
attention today
attracted to
avoid yes
aw thank
aw thats
awful from
baby everyone
baby whom
background lol
bad days
bad depression
ballet dancing
barker here
bartering ever
basale ganglia
bathroom means
bathroom sorry
batpole without
battery tunnel
be care
be depressed
be hereditary
be livestreaming
because felt
because have
because leaving
because probably
because was
becky gets
become monk
been dealing
been depressed
been diagnosed
been feeling
been kindadoodling
been together
before weve
begone so
being depressed
being happy
being lurker
being miserable
being positive
bench squat
bender just
beside english
best too
bestfriend who
beta blockers
better knowing
better soon
bettering your
biasattack honestly
big emotions
bills despite
bit general
bit getting
bit trained
blessed blessed
blessed silence
bobs not
bondage game
borderline personality
boss music
bought drawing
box plank
boyfriend and
boyfriend but
boyfriend got
boyfriend has
boyfriend is
boyfriend kissed
boyfriend tells
boyfriend used
boyfriend who
boys lots
bpd and
bpd is
break up
brother talks
bull dyke
bundy this
bupropion wellbutrin
burden to
but feel
but origami
butter lipstick
butthole def
call easily
called basale
called physiological
calmly good
camera whore
capitol punishment
caption thats
cared hope
carlin think
casually trying
catch cant
change keep
chat asked
cheated on
cheated then
chemical imbalance
chemist turns
cherokee german
child looks
childhood really
childs better
choices recently
chosen thank
chronic depression
cims use
circumcised can
citizens oh
city jerrys
citystate and
clan chat
clarifying which
clever if
clich as
client close
clinical depression
clinically depressed
close friends
clue scroll
coal hey
cockatrice seems
coincidental price
coincidentally if
combo seems
comforting to
comma this
comments sometimes
common guys
communicating why
communication plus
communication studies
complications during
compliment awesome
concern damn
confiding in
confused cervical
confused happy
considered religious
considering paid
contact heri
contact martial
cools things
cope with
coping well
correct misinformation
cosmopolitan wish
costume ruthless
coughing lot
count back
countless relationships
country gulen
course labour
cousin goes
cousins cousin
coutler hope
crazy heard
cries because
cross again
cross symbol
crossclass abilities
current boyfriend
currently struggling
curve isnt
customer respecttrust
customers feel
cycling must
cycling runningyou
dad again
dancing yoga
dani xx
daniels shirt
danny tanner
dark place
dark quickly
dated for
dave took
davey dave
days wages
deal tunnels
def legit
definitely crazy
definitely look
degeneration causes
deleted her
delusion am
depressed and
depressed as
depressed but
depression about
depression again
depression am
depression and
depression anxiety
depression are
depression as
depression at
depression because
depression before
depression but
depression can
depression feel
depression for
depression gets
depression got
depression has
depression have
depression im
depression is
depression isnt
depression issues
depression it
depression its
depression lot
depression makes
depression might
depression my
depression nice
depression or
depression so
depression thanks
depression that
depression the
depression think
depression to
depression was
depression which
depression will
depression would
depressive episode
depressive episodes
depressive than
despite starving
determination your
deuce then
developed really
devoted trying
diagnosed with
diagnosis can
diagnosis feel
didchores today
didnt compile
died wouldnt
different medications
different receptor
digitally painted
directions did
discount taxidermy
discouraging when
disembowelled almost
disorder and
disorder so
disorder which
distract me
ditsy that
divorced when
dnas good
do breathing
doctor about
doctor if
doing art
done financed
done gymnastics
dont enjoy
dont feel
dratini likeness
drawing always
drawing software
drawn always
dropping nasty
dumb from
dumped me
dumps me
during social
during titan
dyed my
dyke one
earlier assuming
early guess
easily recognized
easy today
eating disorder
edit fun
eerie fuck
eggshells around
either man
elsewhere who
email steam
embarrassment otherwise
emergency sirens
emotion then
emotionally towards
encoded suite
enjoythe process
enough payment
enough welcome
entirely coincidentally
esteem im
everything have
ex girlfriend
ex that
exactly couple
example propranolol
except little
exercise havent
exercise though
exercises which
experience pregnancy
experienced city
experienced depression
explain try
explained them
extremely embarrassing
faith these
fake adrafinil
false me
falsely flagging
family loves
family super
fapping keep
far 827
fat green
feel alone
feel better
feel even
feel feel
feel guilty
feel like
feel numb
feel sillystupid
feel so
feel suicidal
feel very
feel worse
feeling better
feeling but
feeling depressed
feeling like
feelings ive
felt depressive
female and
female its
few oils
fh and
fights loser
finally resting
financed them
finish scrolling
fireworks few
first diagnosed
first love
flatterred and
floaty feeling
fo record
for capitol
for depression
for janky
for me
for penpals
forehead listen
foreman op
former psychiatrist
fort gary
found coke
fox lies
free anxietyless
free weaponitem
freshman year
friendship had
from depression
from porkys
from staten
frustrating get
fuck ann
full contact
future dust
future rust
gain all
gained wouldnt
games op
ganglia their
ganglias some
gary my
gastric sleeve
gelaskin on
get angry
get better
get depressed
get help
get momentary
get myself
get startedits
gets disqualified
getting help
ghandi from
girl sunbathing
girlish tittering
global wish
going 85mph
going through
good days
good relationship
gorgeous adventure
got help
got meds
government dealing
grandeur is
grandpas both
greater thanks
greetings friend
group therapy
guess lasting
guilty for
gusset kfb
gusset sts
gymnastics ballet
had depression
had martial
had responses
had suicidal
haha hadnt
haha sport
haha thank
hand looking
handprint appeared
hands thoroughly
happened every
happy coupon
happy fapping
happy is
harm scars
harmful behaviour
harming and
has helped
has mood
hate myself
have anxiety
have auditory
have bpd
have chemical
have counselling
have depression
have hope
have mood
have panic
havent herd
havent though
having settled
he share
healthy person
heard fireworks
heard reallife
heart map
heart skip
heavyspy steam
hell wellfirst
help stick
helped me
helped really
helping kids
helps anxiety
helps maybe
helps me
her aww
her buzz
her choosing
her explain
her mum
her nicely
here clue
here positivity
here reminding
here veronica
hereditary might
heri just
hideous dont
him confiding
his grandpa
his grandpas
hit store
hope know
horrible caption
hours afterwards
how im
however luckily
hpv negative
hug this
huge detriment
hugs just
hugs to
hunka burning
hunka hunka
hurt myself
hurtful comment
hurtful things
hurting myself
hydrophilic ones
id hire
id juliusc01
idea dnas
idea pm
ideas onto
idol its
ign anon_agon
ill feel
illness suppose
im 20
im 21
im 24
im burden
im depressed
im feeling
im female
im flatterred
im lot
im overweight
im record
im reluctantly
im so
im suicidal
image handprint
image issues
implies indirect
improve myself
in pharmacodynamics
in relationship
in therapy
incompetent staff
increasing my
indirect effect
individual therapy
ingame name
insanely ditsy
insanely rude
inspiration just
intentional murder
internet hugs
into makeup
investment dropping
irredeemable nerd
is hpv
is medication
is mesencephalon
island looks
island uncooked
isolating myself
it biasattack
it cockatrice
it mercilessly
items might
items pastebin
itll show
its majestic
its manpower
ive been
ive nothing
jabberwocky am
jerrys discount
join ign
journey thank
joy am
judgemental have
juliusc01 edit
just asstreasure
just feel
just venting
k2tog k2tog
k2tog last
keeping taylor
kept anything
kfb last
kfb next
kid futurama
kids construct
kill myself
killing myself
kind message
kind words
kindadoodling haha
kissed another
knife juggler
knit across
knit in
languages beside
last air
last stitch
last stitches
lasting long
lately happens
leave such
lethargic but
letter shot
lies fox
life weird
lifetime reckon
lift piston
like arry
like cant
like dont
like encoded
like failure
like im
like rheumatoid
like sliggoo
like wasnt
likeness overload
likes im
lipophilic and
lipstick in
liquid foundation
list myself
little floaty
live with
livestreaming another
livestreaming at
local anesthetic
lol rito
lonely monocyte
longdistance relationship
lot she
love myself
love tell
love years
lovely warmed
loves heat
loving fuck
luckily youre
lurch had
lying camera
magical cure
maintain aggro
major awful
major depression
major depressive
make friends
makes bunch
makes me
making myself
manpower as
mansion am
marker slip
marks weight
marriage troubles
massively better
masturbating it
match twitchtvanon_agon
material cosmopolitan
mathematical to
me and
me because
me but
me feel
me happy
me sends
me thank
me tooooo
me upset
me zoloft
mean demerits
means hers
means so
medication and
medication but
medication ive
meds and
meds at
meds but
meds for
meds know
meds that
meds try
meet new
meeting people
membrane stabilizing
memes either
mental health
mental illness
mental illnesses
mention raising
mercilessly will
mesencephalon which
message thank
methods want
midgets its
might prepare
mine sent
miserable and
misjudge me
mog station
momentary burst
monk if
monocyte is
mood disorder
mood swings
mood want
mood wow
more multicolor
mothership will
motion vision
moustache total
movement theyre
ms paintdigitally
much cried
much renovations
much thank
murder though
must stank
my abusive
my anxiety
my appearance
my assistantship
my bestfriend
my body
my boyfriend
my boyfriends
my bpd
my classes
my councilor
my depression
my depressive
my diagnosis
my doctor
my emotions
my ex
my family
my feelings
my flatmates
my freshman
my hair
my inability
my issues
my libido
my life
my medication
my meds
my mental
my mom
my mood
my mother
my mum
my own
my partner
my period
my personality
my pinkie
my powered
my problems
my psychiatrist
my relationship
my scars
my self
my selfesteem
my situation
my so
my social
my suicidal
my suicide
my surgery
my symptoms
my therapist
my weight
myself and
myself because
myself busy
myself for
myself ive
myself so
myself stemmed
myself that
myself to
myself with
myself without
names uncommon
nasty deuce
nasty owners
naww thanks
nearby with
need opinions
need someone
need subtitles
neigh and
neighbours cat
nerd am
never awesome
newborn is
next stitch
nicely that
non muslim
nonbinary people
nonetheless absolutely
nonstupid people
normal live
nostalgic trailer
not alone
not loving
not okay
not suicidal
nothing used
nothingness just
now 19
now begone
nuclei about
occassional bull
ocean take
of adrafinil
of bed
of cools
of depression
of hugs
of modafinil
of myself
of unaired
off meds
oils will
oily skin
old brothers
omg same
omnia user
on medication
on meds
on pastebin
on prozac
on rdepression
on rseduction
on sertraline
once earlier
ones sad
op boil
op likes
op theyre
or anxiety
or chad
or cheated
or disembowelled
or effects
or simpleminded
other mental
other people
our girl
overweight and
packs casually
paid sex
pain stretch
painful not
paintdigitally same
panic attack
panic attacks
paragraph got
paragraph though
paranoia basically
paraphased from
parkinsons also
party skin
passion glad
passion meant
past abuse
past murderers
pastebin good
pastebin op
pastebin runescape
payment hope
peaceful old
pencil yeah
people midgets
people misjudge
people outweigh
perception tend
person knowing
person smiles
personal appearance
personal relationships
personality disorder
pets only
petty lot
pharmacodynamics if
phone our
physically attracted
physiological antagonism
pic quality
pictures take
pilates times
pinkie off
pinkie promise
pipboy like
pirates subreddit
place becky
plank terrible
please jabberwocky
plus working
porkys butthole
positivity im
positivty that
post sandythis
powered cube
pragmatism think
prescreening feel
pretty subjective
price instead
pro palette
probably optimistic
problem fantastic
progress youve
project happy
promise my
properties yes
propranolol is
psych therapy
psychiatrist and
psychiatrist got
psychotic depression
punishment why
pup sponge
puppy first
purple its
push myself
quetiapine thank
quickly making
quietly out
quote wasnt
raising newborn
rapid cycling
rather adopt
rcreepy wish
reallife karma
reallife stories
really enjoythe
really hard
really helped
really nervous
really supportive
reason fo
recent purchases
recently gone
receptor if
receptor not
recognized photoshop
refused treatment
regular boss
relationship and
relationship for
relationship he
relationship im
relationship so
relationship with
relaxing id
release ideas
reluctantly accepting
renovations there
repeat 10
repeat 11
repeat 12
repeat seems
reply my
resisted medication
respect issues
respecttrust standpoint
response hope
response really
responses thank
resting she
rewatch few
right afterwards
riveting material
roman citystate
rotisserie draft
rough however
rseduction and
ruined countless
ruined sure
rules might
runescape friend
running never
runningyou name
rut and
ruthless adaptable
sad knowing
sadness and
salvageable but
same receptor
same unless
sandythis is
say foreman
saying neigh
scars are
scotch cigar
scroll wear
sealed commander
see cross
see psychiatrist
see therapist
seeing therapist
seems bizarre
self any
self care
self confidence
self esteem
self harm
self harmed
self harming
self worth
selfconscious around
selfesteem problem
sends pretty
sends when
separating for
series doll
seriously unfit
sertraline and
server thanks
setting spray
settled anything
severe anxiety
severe depression
severe social
severely depressed
sex personally
sexual surrogate
shady there
she start
shinsekai yori
shot go
shoulder after
shower or
shutup davey
side accounts
side effects
signal session
silence now
sillystupid for
simpleminded absolutely
simplest shit
since was
single till
situation hurt
skin wow
sliggoo common
slip k2tog
slip kfb
slipped quietly
small district
smile knowing
snap out
snipermedic and
snuff em
so alone
so anymore
so insanely
so sorry
so spare
so unhappy
sober since
social anxiety
social person
soft furnishings
solution unfortunately
solution use
some childs
some me
someone about
something annoys
something underhanded
sometime first
sometimes hardly
sometimes heavyspy
sometimes makes
soul eater
sounding from
sounds terrific
spam amumu
spoilers invited
sponge bobs
ssri and
stabilizing properties
staff nonetheless
standpoint happened
stank please
started hurting
started treatment
startedits kind
starting big
starving myself
stay matte
steam sends
sti appreciate
sti it
stick would
still unlikely
stimpy scared
stitch in
stitch knit
stop living
stopped taking
store transactions
straight afterwards
straightforward answers
strange sniper
struggling with
style whale
subjective depends
such kind
such option
suddenly few
suddenly flashing
suicidal so
suicidal thoughts
suicidal urges
suicide hotline
suicide ive
suite too
sunbathing in
suntan cant
super judgemental
support group
supporters worshiping
sure paraphased
surgery had
surrendered if
surrogate is
swap classes
sweet thank
swelling and
swings however
tablet recently
takes would
taking medication
talk to
talking otherwise
tank totally
tanner this
taxidermy you
tears cuz
terrific want
terrifying where
text him
than hydrophilic
thank you
thanks relate
thanks wishing
that am
that depression
that feeling
that ganglias
that im
that mansion
the 300mg
the amumu
the anxiety
the batpole
the bisexuality
the coincidental
the depression
the gusset
the irredeemable
the marantz
the medication
the meds
the mindcrackers
the mog
the nonstupid
the occassional
the parkinsons
the positivity
the positivty
the supportive
the therapist
the unmarked
the xx
their degeneration
their depression
then boyfriend
therapist and
therapist but
therapist for
therapist it
therapist my
therapist never
therapy again
therapy and
therapy but
therapy figured
therapy for
therapy to
therapy without
there amazing
theres lesson
these feelings
these thoughts
things enjoy
things enjoyable
think lonely
this depression
this negligence
thoroughly straight
those negative
though illegal
thoughts hed
through therapy
throughout conversation
thug lyfe
time stressing
tired im
tiring though
title hey
tittering with
to amphetamines
to cope
to deleting
to feel
to happened
to myself
to orgasm
to prescreening
to psychiatrist
to talk
to therapy
today lots
today omg
today thank
today used
together for
told me
told my
tooooo awful
total purchase
tough socially
tourney win
trainee license
transactions itll
transpeople are
treating me
treatment dont
treatment never
trips with
truth people
try agno3
try reopening
tunnel post
tunnels oh
turning 26
twitchtvanon_agon if
ugly stick
unaired spoilers
uncommon enough
uncooked bacon
underhanded here
understand im
understand trust
understanding concepts
unfit even
unfortunately passed
unfortunately sexual
uniquely depressed
university you
unless look
unmarked road
until french
unwind cant
urges are
used actually
user felt
users quick
usually delusion
usually warm
valuable anyway
various nuclei
vdr is
vehicles running
veronica am
very hopeless
very mean
vet said
vibe saw
vintage rotisserie
violent physically
virus so
vision etc
wanna clean
wars greetings
was cherokee
was diagnosed
was surrendered
wasting phone
we clashed
we dated
we stuff
weaponitem normally
wear items
wear pipboy
wednesday addams
weened off
weight few
weight my
well coughing
well riveting
wellfirst and
wen and
were sounding
were together
whale whale
what depression
what enjoy
what vdr
when communication
when feel
when im
when masturbating
whenever feel
where feel
which level
while anything
white dratini
who quits
who suffers
whore didnt
why bartering
why feel
why shit
will roast
willingly exercise
willis and
wish you
with again
with anxiety
with borderline
with bpd
with clinical
with depression
with dysthymia
with ghandi
with me
with my
with myself
with nami
with perception
with severe
with someone
with therapist
with therapy
within myself
word abuse
word anhedonia
words thank
workand thats
worse know
worship like
worst wasting
wouldve assumed
wow thank
wrist pain
write sounds
xx hi
xx the
yarn in
yes lost
yoga cycling
you snuff
you so
you thank
younger felt
your advice
your boyfriend
your depression
your doctor
your girlish
your keeping
your kind
your situation
your therapist
youre coping
youre feeling
zoloft and
