Experimento de depresión número: 12
100 today
21 dont
21 im
300mg advice
3d pen
430am walked
827 didnt
able general
abolish fulfill
abolish law
absent preventing
absolutely little
absolutely report
abuse cropped
abuse helping
abuse sprung
abuse types
ac adapter
accepting ill
access entirely
accident apparently
accident resulted
acne prone
actually depression
actually unplug
adaptable pragmatism
addams decision
addiction know
admirable good
admitting need
adopt nasty
adopt really
adopt soon
adopted cat
advice felt
advice main
advice means
advice porkys
advice thank
affect personality
afraid dependency
age progressed
agno3 sticks
ago depression
ago told
agoi miss
air bender
allergic ssri
amazing female
american savannah
amputation think
amumu project
amumu surprise
anesthetic sedative
angry multiple
angry work
anhedonia mentioned
animal old
animal surrendered
ann coutler
annoyed depression
annoys think
anon_agon didnt
answers government
antagonism pharmacodynamics
anti depressants
antidepressants ive
antidepressants worst
anxiety bit
anxiety depression
anxiety disorder
anxiety does
anxiety hard
anxiety kicks
anxiety low
anxiety yeah
anxietyless person
anxious ill
anxious ive
anybody ren
anymore thanks
anymore workand
apparently goes
appearance wise
appeared shoulder
appreciate strange
appreciate thank
approve im
arent scientist
army makes
arry potter
arthritis great
arts discipline
arts instructor
arts years
ash brown
ashamed medicated
asian girls
ask repeatedly
ass yeah
assigned bit
assist life
associate people
asstreasure shes
assume doing
assumed youd
atlas actually
atlas english
attempted suicide
attention love
attention today
avatar air
avoid dependent
aw thank
aw thats
away dank
away nothingness
awful staten
babbled help
baby beat
baby wants
background lol
bacon scattered
bad anxiety
bad breakdown
bad days
bad depression
bad fair
badly creepy
bar squat
barker reminding
bartering went
basale ganglia
basically voices
bathroom means
bathroom sorry
batpole comma
battery tunnel
beasts hes
beat mercilessly
beat ugly
becky gets
bed extremely
bed learned
bedroom hopefully
beginner help
beginning pills
beginning relationship
beginning started
begone worship
believe mom
bender just
benefits fights
best challenge
best finds
best luck
best moved
beta blockers
better knowing
better meds
better person
better room
better soon
better tooooo
biasattack honestly
big emotions
bills despite
bird gorgeous
birthday prompt
bit depression
bit stress
bit trained
bizarre bizarre
bizarre wouldnt
blaine lurch
blasted platform
blessed blessed
blessed silence
bobs circumcised
bondage game
borderline personality
bored stressed
born little
borrow im
boss music
bother anymore
bottle walmart
bought drawing
box plank
boyfriend 25
boyfriend got
boyfriend kissed
boyfriend know
boyfriend lives
boyfriend said
boyfriend tells
boyfriend told
boyfriend used
boys lots
bpd depression
brain holy
brain various
breathe terrifying
broke pinkie
brother talks
bull dyke
bunch wars
bundy happens
bupropion wellbutrin
burden mother
butter lipstick
butthole def
buy food
buy honestly
buzz borrow
cakeday sorry
called basale
called physiological
called unmarked
calling biasattack
calmly good
came talking
camera whore
cancer sti
capitol punishment
cared hope
cared self
caring dont
carlin think
carolina 100
case high
cases trying
casually trying
catch edit
caused cause
causes parkinsons
causing depression
certainly caused
champ cakeday
chance addiction
chat asked
cheated theyre
checking confirmation
chemical imbalance
chemist turns
cherokee german
child looks
childhood wasnt
childs better
chin field
choices recently
chosen thank
chronic depression
cigar blessed
cims use
circumcised hear
cis dont
citizens oh
city jerrys
citystate used
claims coke
clan chat
clarifying saying
clashed things
clean basement
clearing yeah
clever book
cliche party
client close
clinical depression
clinically depressed
close deleting
close friends
close notebook
close thing
clouds created
clue scroll
coal hey
cockatrice perfect
coincidental price
coincidentally theyve
college im
come abolish
come insanely
comes upvotes
comforting issues
comforting talk
comma turns
comment number
comment possibly
communicate empathize
communicating feel
communication plus
communication studies
completed lol
completely inspiring
complicated age
complications pregnancy
compliment awesome
compliment greater
concern damn
concrete solution
confidence makes
confidence playing
confident feel
confiding 16
confused cervical
confused happy
confusing frustrating
congrats lifetime
congrats tourney
connected self
considered religious
considering paid
considering person
constantly interested
contact heri
contact martial
contact rapid
contact strangers
contact worry
contacts dont
continued provide
contour pro
conversation depression
conversation diagnosis
convinced verbally
cools things
cope stress
coping panic
coping thank
core reason
corner finished
correct implies
correct misinformation
corsair 750d
cosmopolitan wish
cosplay neuter
cost individual
costume ruthless
coughing lot
councilor convinced
countless relationships
country gulen
coupon coal
courage try
course labour
cousin goes
cousins cousin
coutler hope
cover falsely
coverup coincidental
crazy emergency
crazy helps
crazy stereotype
created believe
creep days
cried babbled
cried reading
cries misses
cropped therapist
cross hours
crossclass abilities
crush wednesday
crying phases
cure anxiety
cure make
curiosity remembrance
curiosity salvageable
current boyfriend
currently struggling
curve isnt
customer respecttrust
customer saw
customers feel
cut pinkie
cute peaceful
cuz surprised
cycling runningyou
cycling utter
dancing yoga
dani xx
daniels shirt
danny tanner
dark place
dark quickly
dark things
dave took
davey dave
day creepy
day home
day mothership
days bad
days wages
deal concrete
deal tunnels
dealing depression
dealing sex
decent weight
def legit
definitely hopefully
definitely look
definitely research
definition slander
degeneration causes
delete angry
delete mods
deleting hadnt
delusion usually
denial came
denial ive
deny defending
depend 26
depend reason
dependency feels
dependent relying
depressed im
depressed person
depressed state
depressed suicidal
depressed thing
depressed thought
depression 15
depression 16
depression anxiety
depression bit
depression causing
depression comes
depression dont
depression drive
depression feel
depression finding
depression gets
depression getting
depression got
depression hard
depression hereditary
depression im
depression isnt
depression issues
depression ive
depression just
depression kind
depression let
depression life
depression like
depression long
depression lot
depression makes
depression nice
depression reason
depression recently
depression say
depression self
depression sex
depression shit
depression social
depression suspect
depression thanks
depression think
depression treats
depression word
depression worse
depression year
depression younger
depressive episode
depressive episodes
depressive think
described incredibly
deserves heard
despite starving
detailed complicated
details hit
detriment group
deuce right
developed fears
developed really
developers come
devoted trying
diabetes gonna
diagnosed anxiety
diagnosed borderline
diagnosed bpd
diagnosed clinical
diagnosed depression
diagnosed major
diagnosed severe
diagnosed solidified
diagnosed years
diagnosis feel
diagnosis tell
did definitely
did happens
did incredibly
did suffer
didchores today
didnt compile
didnt lotion
different medications
different receptor
difficulty depression
digitally painted
dinners paper
directions did
dirty shameful
discipline cherokee
discount taxidermy
discouraging dont
disembowelled like
dismiss child
disorder defense
disorder knew
disqualified following
distracts conversation
ditsy people
dnas good
doctor incompetent
does kinds
does omnia
does virus
doesnt hope
doing cbt
doing things
doing trees
doing underhanded
dont embarassed
dont energy
dont enjoy
dont feel
dont friends
doodle class
door hours
dose didnt
dr therapist
draft reasonable
dratini likeness
drawing age
drawing come
drawing software
drawn throw
dropping nasty
dumb customer
dyke day
earlier assuming
early guess
easily recognized
easy handle
easy today
eating disorder
edit fact
edit fun
editing effects
eerie fuck
effects hydrophilic
effort thats
em stuff
em trying
embarrassment fully
emergency sirens
emotionally strong
empathize long
employee really
encoded suite
end hurt
end stigma
engage harmful
enjoy frustrate
enjoy relax
enjoythe process
entirely coincidentally
environmental weened
episodes avatar
erase girlish
esteem im
esteem low
eventually unless
everyday forced
ex girlfriend
exactly couple
example propranolol
excuse theyre
exercise boring
exercise havent
exercise helped
exercises helps
expect match
expect sleep
expectations happens
experience depression
experience pregnancy
experienced depression
experiences depression
explain nicely
explained thanks
explained want
explanations editing
extremely embarrassing
extremely stubborn
failed city
fair pretty
faith days
fake adrafinil
falsely flagging
family boyfriend
family super
family thought
fapping chin
far 827
farther journey
father serial
favorite watch
favorites gen
feedback happy
feel better
feel completely
feel damn
feel dont
feel feel
feel guilty
feel hopeless
feel issue
feel like
feel lonely
feel numb
feel sillystupid
feel suicidal
feel thank
feel unhappy
feel way
feel worse
feeling better
feeling coughing
feeling depressed
feeling just
feeling like
feeling way
feels hope
felt depressive
felt low
female good
field shes
fighting benefits
fights loser
finally resting
financed just
finding extremely
finding root
finish masters
finish scrolling
fireworks minutes
fish relaxing
fist wall
fitting genuinely
flagging video
flashing crush
flat moustache
flatterred try
floaty feeling
fo record
focus im
follow gave
following fucking
forehead listen
foreman op
foremost medication
fort gary
foundation depression
fox lies
france heard
freak hed
freaking makes
freaks today
free anxietyless
free weaponitem
freshman year
friend atlas
friendly help
friends feel
frustrate doubt
frustrating mean
frustrating recently
fuck ann
fuck blue
fuck light
fucked letter
fun depressed
futurama year
future arent
future dust
future rust
gain kinds
gained wouldnt
games handled
games op
ganglia degeneration
ganglias problems
gary mom
gastric sleeve
gave house
gave years
gelaskin old
genders think
general goal
german flat
gets disqualified
getting dna
getting grips
getting guy
getting help
getting self
getting thank
ghandi brain
girl boyfriend
girl puppy
girl sunbathing
girlish tittering
girls relationships
giving childs
giving peace
global wish
god questions
goes grandpas
going 85mph
going chemical
going comforting
going hopefully
going manage
going therapy
going things
gone deserves
gone early
gonna citizens
gonna combo
good days
good relationship
gorgeous adventure
gorgeous getting
got financed
got meds
government dealing
grammatical mistakes
grandeur paranoia
grandeur tough
grandpas died
grandpas house
greater thanks
greater valuable
greetings friend
grips understanding
group therapy
guess fear
guess itdoesnt
guess lasting
guessing response
guest pastebin
guilt sideeffect
gulen movement
gusset kfb
gusset sts
guy diabetes
gymnastics ballet
habits getting
hadnt responses
haha sport
haha thank
hall flat
handle embarrassment
handprint appeared
hands legs
hands thoroughly
hanging thank
happen care
happens feeling
happens opening
happy body
happy coupon
happy doing
happy fapping
hard calm
hard hurts
hard im
hard startedits
harm scars
harmful behaviour
harmful speaking
hate alright
hate ironically
havent herd
havent illegal
having depression
having settled
having sorts
head suck
healthier spend
healthy feeling
hear youve
heard feeling
heard fireworks
heard reallife
heard therapist
heart map
heater customer
heavyspy steam
hed close
hell wellfirst
help boyfriend
help depression
help guess
help medication
help moment
help thank
helped depression
helped lot
helped really
helps anxiety
helps little
helps thinking
herd site
hereditary issue
hereditary prepare
hereditary source
heri just
hideous dont
highlight contour
highly allergic
hire pet
hit store
hobbies im
holding cases
home confidence
home loves
hope cried
hope feel
hope feels
hope happiness
hope nonstupid
hope oh
hopefully giving
hopefully ways
hopeless nervous
horrible caption
hours bob
hpv negative
hug sounds
huge detriment
huge hobbies
hunka burning
hunka hunka
hurl thoughts
hurt got
hurt started
hurtful comment
hurtful things
hydrophilic ones
id adopt
id hire
id juliusc01
idea bucks
idea dnas
idea lead
idea willing
idiot spare
idol quite
ign anon_agon
ill feel
ill huge
illness suppose
im 18
im 20
im 21
im 23
im burden
im depressed
im feeling
im female
im flatterred
im ftm
im good
im harm
im lot
im meds
im overweight
im prescribed
im record
im reluctantly
im selfconscious
im sorry
im suicidal
im thatwell
im therapy
im worried
image handprint
image issues
imagined house
imbalance brain
implies indirect
improved outlook
increase leaving
incredibly thanks
indicates ganglias
indirect effect
individual therapy
ingame idol
initiate conversation
initiating conversation
insanely ditsy
insanely rude
inside freaks
inspiring really
instead cost
instructor korean
intentional murder
interaction distracts
interaction receptor
interested super
internet hugs
internet turkey
investment dropping
invite jabberwocky
invited prescreening
involved nami
ironically wants
irredeemable nerd
island looks
island uncooked
isnt tv
isolation want
issue masturbating
issues assigned
issues depression
issues said
itdoesnt affect
items pastebin
items wrong
itll list
ive cutting
ive dating
ive depressed
ive diagnosed
ive feeling
ive gymnastics
ive kindadoodling
ive medication
ive random
ive really
jabberwocky suddenly
jerrys discount
job absolutely
job continued
job nervous
join ign
joining honestly
journey cliche
journey thank
joy thankful
judgemental huge
judging know
juliusc01 edit
just asstreasure
just depression
just feel
just miserable
k2tog k2tog
k2tog stitches
karma cousin
keeping taylor
kfb stitch
kid futurama
kids construct
killing family
kind image
kind message
kind methods
kind regular
kind words
kindadoodling haha
kindness honestly
kinds complications
kinds cools
kinds emergency
kissed girl
knife juggler
knit gusset
knit pattern
know bartering
know cope
know depression
know feel
know feeling
know feels
know font
know im
know vdr
knowing instead
kyle chad
label thats
labour mention
lack motivation
land reunited
lately happens
later 430am
later kinds
lay holy
laying wouldve
lead bed
leaning writing
learn starts
leave terrible
left isolation
length friends
let adopt
let exactly
let sad
letter auditory
letter shot
letters hurl
lies fox
life drew
life feel
life little
life messed
life refused
lifetime reckon
lift piston
light illness
like arry
like burden
like depression
like dont
like encoded
like failure
like feel
like im
like irredeemable
like knot
like rheumatoid
like sliggoo
like stabbed
likely hereditary
likeness overload
likes im
lingerie just
lipophilic local
liquid foundation
listen veronica
little floaty
live boyfriend
lived paid
lives clouds
livestreaming edit
livestreaming match
living meds
local anesthetic
log food
lol rito
lonely im
lonely monocyte
longdistance relationship
look option
look poop
looking penpals
loser gonna
lost weight
lot anxiety
lot instance
lot negativity
lotion body
lots grandpas
lots hugs
lots memories
love dont
love feelings
love riot
love years
loved lot
lovely warmed
loves heat
loving fuck
low easy
low self
luckily youre
lurch baby
lying camera
magical cure
mailbox getting
maintain aggro
major awful
major chronic
major depression
major depressive
make explanation
make feel
make happy
makes bunch
makes feel
making useless
malicious presence
manpower possible
mansion lying
marker slip
marks weight
marriage troubles
massive bit
massively better
masturbating really
mat didchores
matata monologue
match twitchtvanon_agon
material cosmopolitan
mathematical wow
matters helping
mean accident
mean advice
mean boyfriend
mean demerits
mean paragraph
mean recites
means hpv
means thank
means world
medicated strongly
medication gives
medication ive
medication think
medication years
medicine hakuna
meds arent
meds didnt
meds dont
meds hell
meds im
meds know
meds therapy
meds time
meds try
meet considering
meeting people
meetings councilor
membrane stabilizing
memes happy
memory mum
mental health
mental illness
mental illnesses
mentally healthy
mention raising
mentioned fitting
mercilessly roast
mesencephalon brain
met unlikely
methods want
midgets insanely
mind occassional
mind opposed
mind posted
minus quote
minutes school
misinformation dont
misjudge stupid
misses grandpa
mog station
mom difficulty
mom feel
moment medicine
momentary burst
monk got
monocyte cute
monologue felt
month ive
months depression
months diagnosed
mood assist
mood disorder
mood swings
mood wow
mortified cried
mothership land
motion vision
moustache total
ms paintdigitally
mum oils
murderers lifetime
names uncommon
nasty deuce
nasty owners
naww thanks
need amputation
need subtitles
need talk
need unwind
needed treated
negative got
negativity shit
negligence able
neigh talking
neighbours cat
nerd names
nervous depression
nervous making
newborn pain
nice knows
nicely getting
night feeling
non muslim
nonbinary people
nonetheless absolutely
nonstupid people
normal able
nostalgic trailer
note standing
notebook signal
nothingness just
nuclei motion
nyx highlight
occasions tried
occassional bull
occurred right
oh battery
oh hug
oils buzz
oily skin
ok therapist
old brothers
omg terrified
omnia user
ones sad
op boil
op theyre
open depression
open relationship
opening mailbox
opposed giving
oppression roman
optimistic im
origami frustrating
original thanks
outside sex
outweigh stupid
overweight seriously
packs casually
paid continued
paid sex
pain stretch
pain strong
paint wet
paintdigitally makes
painting ms
panic attack
panic attacks
paragraph got
paragraph love
paranoia basically
paranoia grandeur
paraphased george
parents helped
park muslims
parkinsons studies
parties bars
party skin
pass exam
passed dad
passed exam
passion glad
passion meant
past abuse
past forehead
past murderers
past slipped
pastebin good
pastebin op
pastebin runescape
pathetic sounds
paying best
payment hope
peaceful old
pen badly
pencil yeah
people bpd
people depression
people invisible
people midgets
people misjudge
people outweigh
people supporters
perception tend
person knowing
person prescribed
person self
person ways
personal appearance
personal inspiring
personal relationships
personality disorder
personally friend
pets accounts
pets capable
petty lot
pharmacodynamics remember
pharmacy tech
phases pop
phoenix ship
phone girl
phone membrane
photo cousins
physical pain
physically attracted
physiological antagonism
pic quality
picked helpful
picture gelaskin
pilates times
pills sound
pinkie broke
pinkie promise
pipboy like
pirates subreddit
pissed usually
place becky
place france
plank terrible
plates kind
play cockatrice
play gave
play proud
play snipermedic
play talk
players spread
playing client
playing livestreaming
playing ruined
pls thank
plus working
pm love
pm need
pm want
point living
point positivity
porkys butthole
positive payment
positivity far
positivity im
positivty exists
possible items
possible sent
post sandythis
posted clue
posted guest
posted pastebin
posted play
posted wouldve
potter danny
power unaired
powered cube
pregnancy course
pregnancy fuck
preparation surgery
prepare foundation
prescreening feel
prescribed zoloft
pretty subjective
prevent moving
preventing achievement
price instead
primer nyx
pro palette
probably optimistic
problem addiction
problem fantastic
problems hereditary
process spend
producing brown
progress took
progress youve
progressed level
project happy
promise dad
properties yes
propranolol lipophilic
provide confiding
psn bigheartedboy
psych hearing
psych ive
psych therapy
psychiatrist diagnosed
psychiatrist got
psychotic depression
pulled lap
punishment considered
pup sponge
purchases problem
purple majestic
qualifies hunka
quality til
quetiapine thank
quick batpole
quick easily
quickly failed
quietly door
quote things
quote wasnt
race illness
rage try
raising newborn
ramadan calling
rapid cycling
rcreepy wish
reactions background
realised im
reallife karma
reallife stories
really enjoythe
really hard
really helped
really nervous
really relate
really supportive
really talk
reason animal
reason fo
recent purchases
recently avoids
recently freaking
recently gone
recently stop
recently trying
receptor direct
receptor guy
recites medicine
reckon met
recognized photoshop
record repeat
recovery admitting
reduce used
refused treatment
regular boss
relationship im
relationship years
relationships developed
relax haha
relaxing id
reluctantly accepting
relying feel
remember level
remembrance quote
remind feeling
reminding cosplay
renovations youve
reopening worked
repeat 10
repeat 11
repeat 12
repeat happened
repeat marker
repeatedly explain
reply boyfriend
reply laugh
report reallife
resisted medication
respect mother
respecttrust standpoint
response hope
response responses
responses day
responses thank
resting looks
reunited kind
revelation comments
rewatch episodes
rid depression
right boyfriend
right depressed
right touched
riot pro
riot reasons
ripped cheated
riveting material
roast soon
roman citystate
room stank
rotisserie draft
rough luckily
round continue
route picked
rseduction started
rude place
ruined countless
ruined sure
runescape friend
runningyou gained
rust future
ruthless adaptable
sadness dont
said minus
saint literally
sake right
salvageable choosing
sandythis tunnels
satisfaction getting
savannah beasts
saw psychiatrist
say 70
say depression
say foreman
say thank
saying awesome
saying neigh
saying riveting
scattered park
school simplest
schoolboyfriend causing
scotch cigar
scroll wear
sealed commander
seeing counselor
seeing doctor
seeing therapist
self able
self care
self confidence
self esteem
self harm
self harmed
self harming
self worth
selfesteem problem
sell monk
sending strength
sends buy
sends pretty
sense stop
separating sake
series doll
seriously unfit
server thanks
session thanks
setting spray
severe anxiety
severe depression
severe social
severely depressed
sex exactly
sex happy
sex number
sex personally
sex think
sexual surrogate
sexy annoys
shady ways
shake quick
shameful makes
share marriage
shinsekai yori
shot low
shots fort
shoulder day
shoulder suntan
shout partner
showing positivty
shutup davey
siblings told
sideeffect depression
signal session
silence begone
sillystupid mood
similar told
simpleminded absolutely
simplest shit
single till
sirens sounding
sit rewatch
situation hurt
situation im
situations similar
skin wanted
sleep making
sleep really
sliggoo common
slip k2tog
slip kfb
slipped quietly
small district
smile knowing
snipermedic heavyspy
snipes real
snuff em
social anxiety
social interaction
social person
soft furnishings
software tablet
solidified problem
solve learning
soon girl
sorry pic
sorted start
soul eater
sound harmful
sounding directions
sounds scenarios
sounds terrific
source mesencephalon
space loving
spam amumu
spare really
speak girls
speak mother
speaking ruined
spend tell
spike emotion
spoilers hand
spoilers invited
sponge bobs
sport opposite
spread amumu
spread positivity
sprung couple
squat dead
stabbed disembowelled
stabilizing properties
staff nonetheless
staggering post
stance abuse
stand breathe
stand quick
stand verbal
standing field
standpoint happened
stank help
started hurting
started treatment
startedits kind
starting psych
starts creep
starving inch
stay matte
stay weekend
staying friends
steal true
steam sends
step seek
stereotype media
sti appreciate
sti cancer
stick liquid
stick love
stick treatment
sticks treatment
stigma mental
stimpy scared
stitch knit
stitch round
stitches round
stop annoys
stop crying
stop living
stopped self
stopped taking
store transactions
stories mansion
straight explain
straightforward answers
strange sniper
strangers staggering
strangers terrified
strength love
stressing great
struggle depression
struggling course
studies depression
studies indicates
stupid customers
stupid simpleminded
style whale
subreddit feels
subtitles ive
subtitles videos
suck peen
suddenly flashing
suddenly years
suffer depression
suffered depression
suicidal thoughts
suicidal urges
suicide hotline
suicide ive
suite nice
summer beautiful
sunbathing bathroom
suntan think
super judgemental
support advice
support group
supporters worshiping
suppose compliment
suppose personal
sure depression
sure paraphased
surprised friendly
surrendered just
surrogate option
swap classes
sweet thank
swift gorgeous
swings feel
symbol think
tablet recently
taking day
taking meds
talk depressed
talk doctor
talk im
talk just
talk wall
talking positive
talking therapist
tank totally
tanner staten
taxidermy snuff
tears cuz
tell paint
tell sends
tell voices
telling saint
tempted adopt
tempting skin
tend fuck
terrific want
terrified house
terrified idea
terrifying definitely
terrifying purchase
thank advice
thank comment
thank compliments
thank continuing
thank diagnosed
thank im
thank immense
thank kind
thank means
thank mother
thank oh
thank origami
thank reading
thank really
thank started
thank support
thank thank
thank welcome
thanks relate
thanks stay
thanks wishing
thatd sweet
thats feeling
therapist cousins
therapist denial
therapist gave
therapist place
therapist took
therapy dont
therapy expensive
therapy figured
therapy helped
therapy im
therapy ive
therapy think
therapy work
therapy years
theyll touch
theyre detailed
theyre ripped
theyre understand
thing depression
thing diagnosed
things cries
things depression
things enjoy
things occupy
think depression
think hurtful
think lonely
think renovations
thinking communicating
thinking leaving
thinking separating
thinking vintage
thoroughly straight
thought absent
thought welcome
thoughts head
thoughts hed
throw delete
thug lyfe
til snipes
till feel
time aww
time cat
time clashed
time feel
time freak
time massively
time stressing
time unwind
times began
times meetings
tips dealing
tips excellent
tired annoyed
tired depressed
tired im
tiring paranoia
title hey
tittering ghandi
tldr boyfriend
today feeling
today omg
today weekend
told depend
told depression
told im
told psych
toll life
took guitar
tooooo awful
total purchase
touch sure
tough socially
tourney win
trained paid
trainee license
transactions itll
transformation bedroom
treatment cool
treatment definitely
treatment relatively
treats meds
trees oh
tried therapy
trinity scotch
troubles wasnt
true tempted
truly communicate
trust talk
trust urge
try agno3
try breathing
try developing
try haha
try motivate
try reopening
try therapy
trying depression
trying parties
trying step
trying work
tunnel post
tunnels eerie
tunnels oh
turn amphetamines
turning 26
twitchtvanon_agon want
ugly stick
uk thank
unaired spoilers
uncommon im
uncooked bacon
understand depression
understand hard
understand im
understanding depression
unfit ive
unfortunately sexual
unhappy core
uniquely depressed
unless look
unlikely did
unmarked road
unplug internet
unwind certainly
unwind therapy
urban camp
urge rage
use curiosity
use erase
use ingame
use manpower
used capitol
used shiny
user felt
users quick
usually delusion
usually warm
valuable oh
various nuclei
vdr check
venlafaxine long
veronica going
vet said
vibe saw
videos subtitles
vintage rotisserie
violent physically
virus means
vision called
wages hour
wake negligence
walk eggshells
wall therapist
walmart users
wanna clean
want die
want feel
want talk
want talked
wanted maybe
wanted satisfaction
wanting considering
wants experience
warmed heart
wars greetings
wasnt cross
wasnt medication
wasting phone
watch livestreaming
watching age
watching mindcrack
water chemist
ways coping
ways correct
weaponitem normally
wear items
wear pipboy
wednesday addams
week depending
week rest
weeks liquid
weened chances
weight started
weight years
weird ok
wellfirst foremost
went 300mg
went doctor
went psychiatrist
went summer
wet theyll
weve months
whale fair
whale whale
whedon man
white dratini
willing try
willingly exercise
willis joss
wise communication
wish best
wish costume
wish magical
wish okay
word abuse
word anhedonia
words solution
words support
words thank
work painful
workand thats
worker time
workers attorneys
working massive
world thank
worse know
worshiping just
worst wasting
worth congrats
wouldve assumed
wow bird
wow occurred
wow reply
wow thank
wrist pain
writing drawing
wrong account
xx hi
yeah local
yeah mental
yeah miracle
year struggle
year uni
years swap
yelling kept
yes antidepressants
yes rseduction
yoga cycling
youd momentary
younger father
younger felt
youre coping
youre feeling
youre panic
zoloft quetiapine
